LECTURE 3-4:
Strings and Fuctions

Task 1:
	1. Define a function max() that takes two numbers as arguments and returns the largest of them. 
	Use the if-then-else construct available in Python. (It is true that Python has the max() function
	built in, but writing it yourself is nevertheless a good exercise.)
	2. Define a function max_of_three() that takes three numbers as arguments and returns the largest
	of them.
	3. Define a function that computes the length of a given list or string. 
	(It is true that Python has the len() function built in, but writing it yourself is nevertheless
	a good exercise.)

Task 2:
	1. Define a function reverse() that computes the reversal of a string. For example,
	reverse("I am testing") should return the string "gnitset ma I".
	2. Define a function is_palindrome() that recognizes palindromes (i.e. words that look the same
	written backwards). For example, is_palindrome("radar") should return True.
	3. Write a function is_member() that takes a value (i.e. a number, string, etc) x and a list of
	values a, and returns True if x is a member of a, False otherwise. (Note that this is exactly what the in
	operator does, but for the sake of the exercise you should pretend Python did not have this operator.)
	
Task 3:
	1. Write a function that takes a character (i.e. a string of length 1) and returns True if it is a vowel,
	False otherwise.
	2. Write a function translate() that will translate a text into "rövarspråket" (Swedish for "robber's
	language"). That is, double every consonant and place an occurrence of "o" in between. For example,
	translate("this is fun") should return the string "tothohisos isos fofunon".
	3. Define a function sum() and a function multiply() that sums and multiplies (respectively) all the
	numbers in a list of numbers. For example, sum([1, 2, 3, 4]) should return 10, and multiply([1, 2, 3, 4])
	should return 24
	
Task 4:
	1. Write a program that maps a list of words into a list of integers representing the lengths 
	of the correponding words.
	2. Write a function find_longest_word() that takes a list of words and returns the length
	of the longest one.
	3. Write a function filter_long_words() that takes a list of words and an integer n and returns
	the list of words that are longer than n.



